Data Science Interview
	https://www.datacamp.com/blog/data-scientist-interview-questions
	
	Tell me about a time when you had to explain a complex data concept to someone without a technical background. How did you ensure they understood?
	
	Describe a project where you had to work with a difficult team member. How did you handle the situation?
	
	Can you share an example of a time when you had to work under a tight deadline? How did you manage your tasks and deliver on time?
	
	Have you ever made a significant mistake in your analysis? How did you handle it and what did you learn from it?
	
	How do you stay updated with the latest trends and advancements in data science?
	
	Can you tell us about a time when you had to work on a project with unclear or constantly changing requirements? How did you adapt?
	
	Describe a situation where you had to balance data-driven decision-making with other considerations (like ethical concerns, business needs, etc.).
	
	What are the assumptions required for a Linear Regression?
	
	How do you handle a dataset missing several values?
	
	How do you explain technical aspects of your results to stakeholders with a non-technical background?
	
	What are the feature selection methods used to select the right variables?
	
	How can you avoid overfitting your model?
	
	List the different types of relationships in SQL
	
	What are dimensionality reduction and its benefits?
	
	What is the goal of A/B Testing?
	
	Given a dictionary consisting of many roots and a sentence, stem all the words in the sentence with the root forming it.
		input
		roots = ["cat", "bat", "rat"]
		sentence = "the cattle was rattled by the battery"
		output
		"the cat was rat by the bat"
	
	https://www.mastersindatascience.org/resources/how-to-nail-your-data-science-tech-interview/

    How would you explain the difference between supervised and unsupervised machine learning?
	
    What are exploding gradients?
    
	What is a confusion matrix?
    
	How does an ROC curve work?
    
	What is a decision tree algorithm and can you explain it in detail?
    
	What is normal distribution?
    
	What is deep learning?
    
	What is selection bias?
    
	What is linear regression?
    
	What are type I and type II errors?
    
	How do you clean a dataset? What do you look for?

    Give an example of a cross-validation technique you have used on a time series dataset.
    
	Give an example of a time you used logistic regression.
    
	What programming languages are you most comfortable with?
    
	Give an example of an original algorithm you created.
    
	How do you identify outliers in a large dataset?
    
	What is a specific example of a model you created for a project?

    What is more important in machine learning models, the model’s accuracy or the model’s performance (and explain the difference)?
    
	Is it better to spend five days developing a 90% accurate solution or 10 days for 100% accuracy? (They’re looking for your time-management abilities.)
    
	Is it better to have too many false negatives or too many false positives?
    
	Tell us about a time you saw the need for change and you took the initiative.
    
	Tell us about a time you experienced an injustice in the workplace and how you handled it.
    
	How do you power through tedious projects?
    
	What do you think makes a good data scientist?
    
	What books, websites and data professionals do you follow to stay current?




	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	